README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-MongoDB-brightgreen.svg
	:target: https://www.mongodb.com/

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-MongoEngine-brightgreen.svg
	:target: http://mongoengine.org/

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-ORM-brightgreen.svg
	:target: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-relational_mapping

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-PY2_PY3-brightgreen.svg


Learn MongoEngine - MongoDB Backed ORM
======================================
This is MongoEngine hands on skills guide with example.

`MongoEngine <http://mongoengine.org/>`_ is a Document-Object Mapper (think ORM, but for document databases) for working with MongoDB from Python.

- `HomePage <http://mongoengine.org/>`_
- `Document <http://docs.mongoengine.org/>`_

Links:

- `Defining Documents <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/defining-documents.html>`_
- `Fields <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/defining-documents.html#fields>`_
- `Query Operators <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/querying.html#query-operators>`_
- `Querying Lists <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/querying.html#querying-lists>`_
- `QuerySet API <http://docs.mongoengine.org/apireference.html#module-mongoengine.queryset>`_


How to use this project
-----------------------
1. Download and install it. 
   
.. code-block:: console

    ``cd <path-to-learn_mongoengine-project-directory>``
	``pip install .``

2. Execute each file as main script. Read description and study the input/output.

Commit message:

put all example in test dir
add document level api guide

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-MongoDB-brightgreen.svg
	:target: https://www.mongodb.com/

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-MongoEngine-brightgreen.svg
	:target: http://mongoengine.org/

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-ORM-brightgreen.svg
	:target: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-relational_mapping

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tags-PY2_PY3-brightgreen.svg


Learn MongoEngine - MongoDB Backed ORM
======================================
This is my personal note in learning Mongoengine.

`MongoEngine <http://mongoengine.org/>`_ is a Document-Object Mapper (think ORM, but for document databases) for working with MongoDB from Python.

- `HomePage <http://mongoengine.org/>`_
- `Document <http://docs.mongoengine.org/>`_

Links:

- `Defining Documents <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/defining-documents.html>`_
- `Fields <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/defining-documents.html#fields>`_
- `Query Operators <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/querying.html#query-operators>`_
- `Querying Lists <http://docs.mongoengine.org/guide/querying.html#querying-lists>`_
- `QuerySet API <http://docs.mongoengine.org/apireference.html#module-mongoengine.queryset>`_


How to use this project
-----------------------
Download the source code, and extract..
   
.. code-block:: console

    cd <path-to-learn_mongoengine-project-directory>
    make up # create a virtualenv for this project
    make test # run all code example

Then, execute each test file as main script. Read description and study the input/output.
